all right let's talk about google's
pixel 4a
this is for me a very attractive phone
priced at 350 dollars
very clean software excellent camera
system class leading camera system in my
opinion
there's just so much going on that is
good with the pixel 4a
and for a lot of people like myself that
live in north america who don't have
access to the oneplus nord
or don't have access to like redmi
phones from xiaomi
easy access to those phones these stick
out as being something special so the
way i'm going to do this video
clearly i like them just do a quick kind
of like mini overview of the things that
i really like about the phone
and then talk about some concerns i have
about the pixel 4as
and then i want to talk about like a
purchase decision between like its
close competitors but i also want to
bring up this at the end a conversation
about google as a company right now
because i think there's some
there's some interesting stuff to talk
about all right so the things i like
about the phone let's start off with the
size
i love the size of this phone it is so
small
and when you come off a large phone for
someone like myself with like
normal sized hands this just fits in
your hand the whole one-handed operation
it's really comfortable to use it's
small it's lightweight and when you pull
out of your pocket you put your finger
fingerprint sensor on the back and it
just it opens up the screen
it's an oled 60hz 1080p panel it's a
great looking display
but most importantly it looks so much
nicer not the actual panel itself but
the bezel just it's uniform this year
there's no
weird forehead or chin this is like the
nicest looking pixel phone we've seen
from the front
the battery life because of that screen
is great i'm hitting like a comfortable
eight nine hours of screen on time
i think because the processor and the
screen aren't particularly demanding it
just doesn't suck a lot of juice so
battery life
is good there's a headphone jack at the
top for people that want that and
there's also stereo speakers up front
if that's something you are interested
personally i love stereo sound when i'm
watching
any kind of media and this delivers it
so the audio quality on the pixel 4a
sounds so much better than i thought it
would pixels have never had great
mic pickup like it's usually a little
bit echoey and
not very clear this just sounds so much
better to me than
the pixel 4 even from eight nine months
ago the camera system for the pixel 4a
is
fantastic as you'd expect i feel like
this phone sets the bar
nothing is better at taking pictures
than this phone when it comes to 350
phones i will say the differences
are most pronounced when it comes to
difficult shots like if you're doing
low light photography or like uh like
high dynamic range photography where
there's like a lot of bright
and dark things in the same scene this
is where
google software really shines if you're
just taking regular photos like you're
just taking
a easy photo like well lit good
conditions there's nothing moving around
and any modern smartphone can capture
that stuff quite easily but when it
comes to more difficult images
the pixels just do it so nicely but keep
in mind that it's something that not
everybody needs right i think that's one
of the confusing things about camera
systems on phones like we look at this
stuff and we think we want the best
everybody wants
the best i want the best but sometimes
we don't need it
and if you look in your camera roll and
you never see dark photos you never see
photos taken in high dynamic range you
probably won't need the stuff that the
pixel's offering
just put it out there if that's going to
help make your purchase decision
okay so i'm going to talk about some
concerns i have of the pixel as well
the color it comes in one skew black
there were rumors and even
leaked videos of other color variations
but in the end they just landed on one
color
you can obviously skin it this is a it's
one of like the new pastel colors from
dbrand
i think these look really good with
these particular phones
okay another concern to have is the
water resistance
so this is a phone that is not ip
certified which isn't too big of a deal
and they also have a rubber gasket on
the sim card tray which is nice
but if you drop this in water it's
probably going to suck
so the last i want to talk about is
performance and this is a concern that
was not for me but i think a lot of
people were concerned about the
kind of overall performance of this
device i
tested this thing to the best of my
ability in terms of just real world
usage as well as gaming now
they put so it's got a snapdragon 730
g yeah 730g it is a chip that is i keep
looking over here because i'm looking at
the oneplus nord
this has a faster gpu the
actual like cpu component is similar but
the nord has a faster graphics processor
and when i
put them together and i kind of compare
them in performance
they're very similar to each other for
regular phone use but there is a
difference
in games this is fortnite normally runs
at 30 frames per second on android
it's not a game i ever got into on
mobile but you can tell
that it's pushing the system a little
hard now there are other games that are
somewhat demanding that don't have any
issues at all but i think for most
people
this is perfectly good for even gaming
now if you're looking at the pixel 4a
you might also be looking at the iphone
se
and potentially the oneplus nord
depending on the region you're from
now i'm not going to get into like a
sweaty technical comparison between them
i do want to mention some kind of wider
scoped
thoughts about them though pixel 4a i
think that this is the phone as
great as it is i think that this is a
phone that's going to show its age
the fastest uh for one it doesn't have
5g capabilities but it's also the
slowest of the bunch and i think in like
four or five years time this will feel
slower than the other two but it'll
still take better photos
the iphone se now this is the phone that
thing's going to last the longest
i think it's built the best it has
waterproofing
and it's just a better built phone than
the other two in terms of materials
it's also equipped with a flagship
processor and it's apple so it's gonna
have many years
of software support i feel like in 2025
five years from now there's gonna be so
many iphone ses around still
lots of them will have cracked screens
and batteries that could probably use
some replacing
but they'll still work remarkably well
for a five-year-old phone
it doesn't have 5g though also so if
that's something that matters to you
it really shouldn't right now but if it
does it doesn't have it either
uh oneplus nord this is a bit different
this is a phone that is clearly
focused towards enthusiasts it's not as
hardcore as a regular lineup but
this is filled with features that
enthusiasts care about like fast screens
fast charging but those features bump up
the price and not everyone wants that
stuff
but if you're an enthusiast and you
might be because you're watching videos
like mine
this would probably be for that crowd uh
it does not have
the best camera though if you're looking
like you saw the photos earlier right
okay uh but that's basically my thoughts
on these three phones
they are all good in their various
rights but just depending what you want
what you need
it's you got to make that choice now i
want to close off this conversation
with this topic that i mentioned earlier
of google's position right now
the pixel phones have never had strong
branding like
when i think about all the pixel phones
over the years they've
they've changed like they've had like so
many different directions of how they
want to take it
where they want to go with it are they
premium are they budget and it's
it's you know for them google they're an
experimental company right they try lots
of things
they have such a big bankroll that they
can try stuff like this
not make money and not even bat an eye
because for them it's just like a
learning experience
the thing is for consumers it's a little
bit weird right we've seen
like here's here's a great example we
see this phone pixel 4
this was an 800 phone at launch and you
see this phone
pixel 4a 350 at launch
this phone looks so stupidly overpriced
beside this like anyone who bought this
at full retail
probably doesn't feel great looking at
the price of this because they're just
so similar they're certainly not 800 and
350 dollars worth of phone inside these
things like there's just there's
something weird going on in terms of
their pricing
and i think for google that the thing
that i'm seeing right now
google with this phone the launch of the
foray i feel like they've
they've landed on something i think they
realized
that they don't want to be in that ultra
premium segment anymore
they discontinued the pixel 4 like
they're not making any more and they're
stopped selling them off of their
website
they're out of stock and a lot of it the
pixel 5 that's coming out soon doesn't
even have like
high-end snapdragon chips that like
what a pixel device always had the
fastest snapdragon right
they're not going for it this year
they're going for just more
budget-friendly options and i think
google's realized this is where they
this is where people want them to be
this is where they want to be this is
where they need to be
because they've had so many years of
trying this stuff
ultra premium phones that just didn't
sell really well
and i think they're shifting gears
anyways what do you think about that
whole
this is a theory right this is what i
think of what's going on with pixel's
kind of direction right now i think it's
a cool direction though i think it's the
right move for them
um okay that's the phone i mean if
you're looking at the pixel 4a
it gets my whole-hearted recommendation
i really like it but just be aware that
it's not
a perfect phone right people that are
looking for a snapdragon 10 000 in a
350 phone it's not gonna happen all
right
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it subs if you loved it
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]